In this lecture, we are going to learn how you can specify the values of all this cloud formation input
parameter in a properties file and use the name of that file to pass in the Jenkins job parameter.
So so far we have been specifying those cloud formation parameters like this under parameter dash overrides
field.
So instead of that we created this WordPress underscore parameter dot properties file and we just specified
all the cloud formation input parameter as key value.
So note the format.
This is very important.
The format of the dot properties file is an array and then key value.
If you just has one input parameter, you can just do like this.
If you have multiple like this, you can just come separate each key and value.
So let me save this note that we already ran this cloud formation and we have our WordPress running
from the previous demo.
So I change this DB password a little bit so that when we resubmit this job, cloud formation sees that
something has changed, create the chain set and then make the changes.
If you skipped the last demo, then you don't need to change anything.
You can just submit as is.
So looking at the Jenkins file, so far we have been using the Jenkins parameter within this command
as Doppler and then the curly braces and then the name of the parameter.
And then we are accepting the name of the parameter file with this name parameters, underscore file,
underscore name.
So if we scroll down, scroll right, the dash dash parameter overrides.
If you just put like this, this is going to air out.
So this is a little bit weird because what Jenkins does is Jenkins doesn't know that this is a name
of a file for some reason, and this only happens for this parameter overwrite fail.
Because if you pass a name of the file within a variable for template file, it works fine.
So for the parameter overwrite file, you have to put this file, colon, slash, slash and Jenkins
will know that.
Okay, this is a parameter properties file.
So let me save this.
I'm going to push the changes to my GitHub repository.
All right.
So everything is parameterized right now.
Let's go back to Jenkins job click build with parameters.
So for the stack name, I'm going to reuse the existing step name values.
So if I go to cloud formation, the name of the stack name is WordPress.
That's test zero one.
I mean, I'll tell it.
Alternatively, you can create a new stack as well, but I'm just going to use that.
Now the name of the parameters file.
So I push the parameters properties file.
So this is the name.
So I'm just going to copy this.
And then posted here.
And then the template name or press start.
Jason Go back.
Jason And then the region.
Another thing is, let's say the parameter file is within a subfolder within your GitHub repository.
Let's say the folder name is parameter, so you can simply give like this file, colon slash, nice
name of the sub folder and then dollar the name of the Jenkins input parameter.
Anyway, we are using the main branch for everything without any sub folder.
All right, so let's click build.
Let's go to the console output.
All right.
Just waiting for the chance set.
I'm going to pause the video for a minute and then I'm going to log into cloud formation console on
my account.
All right.
OnStar has been updated.
So now we know how to pass parameters into cloud formation.
We learned it in two different ways.
One way is to hardcore them into the Jenkins file.
The other way is using a properties file and past the name of the file to the Jenkins file.
All right, folks, that's it for this one.
I'll see you guys and girls in the next lecture.